CISCO ESA dictionary api commands (#37439)
demisto/content: Packs/IronPort/Integrations/CiscoEmailSecurityApplianceIronPortV2/README.md

>|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
>| 1 | 12 | 1345 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 19 | 15 | 4 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 4 | 0 | 4 | 179 | 5 | 0 | 1567 | 1 | 1383 | 0 | 0 |

> ### cisco-esa-dictionary-add

Reviewer: Add to the readme commands examples as well and it's outputs.

Author: Do you mean human readable output? because there is not context output beside for the cisco-esa-dictionary-list command.

***

> Adding a New Dictionary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add a new dictionary.
```

#### Base Command

`cisco-esa-dictionary-add`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | mode | The cluster mode of the email gateway determines its configuration. Default value: 'cluster' If the cluster mode is set to 'group', please specify a group_name. If the cluster mode is set to 'machine', please specify a host_name. Possible values are: cluster, group, machine. Default is cluster. | Optional | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| mode | The cluster mode of the email gateway determines its configuration. If the cluster mode is set to 'group', specify a group_name. If the cluster mode is set to 'machine', specify a host_name. Possible values are: cluster, group, machine. Default is cluster. | Optional | 
```

| host_name | Required when cluster mode is 'machine'. | Optional | 
| group_name | Required when cluster mode is 'group'. | Optional | 

> | dictionary_name | Specifying the name of the dictionary to retrieve is optional, allows you to get information about a specific dictionary. | Required | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| dictionary_name | The name of the dictionary for which to get information. This argument is optional.  | Optional | 
```

| whole_words | Indicates if the words need to be matched completely. Possible values are: True, False. | Required | 
| words | A list of terms to add to a dictionary. The term can have a weight of (0-10) associated with it. If no weight is given, the default weight is taken as "1".<br/>A smart identifier can have an additional parameter - "prefix" associated with it. If no value is mentioned, no prefix is taken as default.<br/>Example: [["*credit",2,"prefix"],["*aba"],["À term 1"]]. | Required | 
| ignore_case_sensitive | Indicates if the term that needs to be matched is case-sensitive. Possible values are: True, False. | Required | 

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
### cisco-esa-dictionary-edit

***

> Editing a Dictionary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Edit a dictionary.
```

#### Base Command

`cisco-esa-dictionary-edit`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | mode | The cluster mode of the email gateway determines its configuration. Default value: 'cluster' If the cluster mode is set to 'group', please specify a group_name. If the cluster mode is set to 'machine', please specify a host_name. Possible values are: cluster, group, machine. Default is cluster. | Optional | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| mode | The cluster mode of the email gateway determines its configuration. If the cluster mode is set to 'group', specify a group_name. If the cluster mode is set to 'machine', specify a host_name. Possible values are: cluster, group, machine. Default is cluster. | Optional | 
```

| host_name | Required when cluster mode is 'machine'. | Optional | 
| group_name | Required when cluster mode is 'group'. | Optional | 

> | dictionary_name | Specifying the name of the dictionary to retrieve is optional, allows you to get information about a specific dictionary. | Required | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| dictionary_name | The name of the dictionary for which to get information. This argument is optional.  | Optional | 
```

| updated_name | Specifies a new name for the dictionary to modify. | Optional | 
| whole_words | Indicates if the words need to be matched completely. Possible values are: True, False. | Required | 
| words | A list of terms to add to a dictionary. The term can have a weight of (0-10) associated with it. If no weight is given, the default weight is taken as "1".<br/>A smart identifier can have an additional parameter - "prefix" associated with it. If no value is mentioned, no prefix is taken as default.<br/>Example: [["*credit",2,"prefix"],["*aba"],["À term 1"]]. | Required | 
| ignore_case_sensitive | Indicates if the term that needs to be matched is case-sensitive. Possible values are: True, False. | Required | 

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
### cisco-esa-dictionary-list

***

> Retrieving Information of All dictionaries or a specific configured dictionary and their list of words.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Retrieve information of all dictionaries or a specific configured dictionary and their list of words.
```

#### Base Command

`cisco-esa-dictionary-list`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | mode | The cluster mode of the email gateway determines its configuration. Default value: 'cluster' If the cluster mode is set to 'group', please specify a group_name. If the cluster mode is set to 'machine', please specify a host_name. Possible values are: cluster, group, machine. Default is cluster. | Optional | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| mode | The cluster mode of the email gateway determines its configuration. If the cluster mode is set to 'group', please a group_name. If the cluster mode is set to 'machine', specify a host_name. Possible values are: cluster, group, machine. Default is cluster. | Optional | 
```

| host_name | Required when cluster mode is 'machine'. | Optional | 
| group_name | Required when cluster mode is 'group'. | Optional | 

> | dictionary_name | Specifying the name of the dictionary to retrieve is optional, allows you to get information about a specific dictionary. | Optional | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| dictionary_name | The name of the dictionary for which to get information. This argument is optional.  | Optional | 
```

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| CiscoESA.Dictionary.name | String | The name of the dictionary. | 
| CiscoESA.Dictionary.encoding | String | The encoding format used for the dictionary. | 
| CiscoESA.Dictionary.ignorecase | Number | Indicates whether the dictionary ignores case sensitivity \(1 for true, 0 for false\). | 
| CiscoESA.Dictionary.words | List | The words in the dictionary. | 
| CiscoESA.Dictionary.words_count.term_count | Number | The count of individual terms in the dictionary. | 
| CiscoESA.Dictionary.words_count.smart_identifier_count | Number | The count of smart identifiers in the dictionary \(special terms with additional metadata\). | 
| CiscoESA.Dictionary.wholewords | Number | Indicates whether the dictionary considers whole words only \(1 for true, 0 for false\). | 

### cisco-esa-dictionary-words-delete

***

> Deleting existing words from specific Dictionary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Delete existing words from a specific dictionary.
```

#### Base Command

`cisco-esa-dictionary-words-delete`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | mode | The cluster mode of the email gateway determines its configuration. Default value: 'cluster' If the cluster mode is set to 'group', please specify a group_name. If the cluster mode is set to 'machine', please specify a host_name. Possible values are: cluster, group, machine. Default is cluster. | Optional | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| mode | The cluster mode of the email gateway determines its configuration. If the cluster mode is set to 'group', specify a group_name. If the cluster mode is set to 'machine', specify a host_name. Possible values are: cluster, group, machine. Default is cluster. | Optional | 
```

| host_name | Required when cluster mode is 'machine'. | Optional | 
| group_name | Required when cluster mode is 'group'. | Optional | 

> | dictionary_name | Specifying the name of the dictionary to retrieve is optional, allows you to get information about a specific dictionary. | Required | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| dictionary_name | The name of the dictionary for which to get information. This argument is optional.  | Optional | 
```

> | words | A list of terms that need to be deleted.å<br/>Example: ["credit","aba","term"]. | Required | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| words | A list of terms that need to be deleted.<br/>Example: ["credit","aba","term"]. | Required | 
```

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
### cisco-esa-dictionary-words-add

***

> adding words to specific Dictionary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add words to a specific dictionary.
```

#### Base Command

`cisco-esa-dictionary-words-add`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | mode | The cluster mode of the email gateway determines its configuration. Default value: 'cluster' If the cluster mode is set to 'group', please specify a group_name. If the cluster mode is set to 'machine', please specify a host_name. Possible values are: cluster, group, machine. Default is cluster. | Optional | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| mode | The cluster mode of the email gateway determines its configuration. If the cluster mode is set to 'group', specify a group_name. If the cluster mode is set to 'machine', specify a host_name. Possible values are: cluster, group, machine. Default is cluster. | Optional | 
```

| host_name | Required when cluster mode is 'machine'. | Optional | 
| group_name | Required when cluster mode is 'group'. | Optional | 

> | dictionary_name | Specifying the name of the dictionary to retrieve is optional, allows you to get information about a specific dictionary. | Required | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| dictionary_name | The name of the dictionary for which to get information. This argument is optional.  | Optional | 
```
